bmt	1	9 weeks ? so their BMT is only 9 weeks then they graduates ?
aircraft carrier	1	Their aircraft carrier has a factory in it where they just make planes and put them on the flight deck when need some planes
sas	1	Es una de las actividades mas hermosas que existen , recordar es vivir ...
ns	1	The range of the SAR 21 ' s Scope is 400 metres , SAR 21 Means " Singapore Assault Rifle 21 "
training	2	i saw sgt chester saying 3-4 only oso hahahas ! ! ! the final episode , guess the sgts really went through tough tough training ... good luck to all of them for their CURRENT gcc as well ! ! !
commandos	1	even blackhawk down in somalia those U . S soldier were save by malaysian commandos GGK 21 and few pakistan soldier ... want more info ? ... naah let you do you homework 1st kid ..
ns	1	what happens if they dun hv a date ?
ns	1	You compare NS to your puny P5 camp ? P5 camp play here play there only . You got stay there for 2 years ? Nope . Got push up / pull up ? Nope .
ns	1	LiThats just a bunch of ifs . if america wasn't across the ocean we wouldn't even have gain our independence . What if we were in europe and aliens came and we left earth to live on the moon with them ? Just ifs .
war	1	Lol IKR XDAnd if they start another war no one would join neither side .
ns	1	haha those ccb ppl who says nsf are not allowed to sit at mrts should go under nsf training since they have tons to say and mostly those who make remarks of nsf should be be seated are mostly free loaders who dont serve ns
ns	0	It's not completely ambidex but its enough to be fired left handed in a pinch . Also we have shitty irons on top of the scope . Doable but not optimal .
training	1	Oh I forgot to mention , I have a friend who was a French Foreign Legionnaire , at the end of their training , they will received Kepi blanc if they completed 20 kilometre Kepi March .
aircraft carrier	1	Sorry , but this ship does not represent the latest in Aircraft carrier developement .
military	0	JawanisasiIndonesia despite it's size is still weaker than Singapore in military defence . But hey you guys can always burn your forest and haze Singapore till they all suffocate .
ns	0	Sc . I'm aware that we've had our issues with indigenous peoples ( started by Europeans mind you ) and hate to break it to you , our uniforms kick ass compared to yours
sergeant	1	Sergeant
ns	1	It's also a vehicle for caning hoards of zombies into hamburger when the zombie apocalypse outbreak happens .
ns	0	One thing about ns is that those who have girlfriend end up break up .. Alot of story I heard ... sad though
ns	0	I'm getting real tired of comments like these . Battlefield is overdone with lens flares , depth of field and tone mapping . Plus , it's an entirely different engine .
war	1	well what about the mexican american war the spanish war
military	0	there's is no way in hell you where anywhere close to the military yet don't know what armaments means , fuck outta here with your fake bullshit .
aircraft	0	So , we've put a ramp on the carries for STOL aircraft - very logical . The whole idea of buying the F - 35 is stupid anyway .
ns	0	fuck you and your weapons retards ! you fucking deserve Trump !
delta force	2	gurkhas are a joke . seals and delta force have my respect .
aircraft	1	You angree , why ? We say : heavy aircraft-carrying missile cruiser )
us army	1	Valid for history ? Sure . No doubt . Valid in a tribute to the uniforms worm by the US Army in its 240 history ? No way .
ns	1	I heard that the westerns are served only like once in a blue moon .
ns	1	there are a lot of historical inaccuracies but the atheniensis with the spartans have really defeated persians
saf	1	my brother in army ( SAF ) . and there is ah boys to men part 3
british	1	WHAT NO British SAS or SBS ? ? ? Oh just plain yankie pussy's strength and no grey matter
military	1	While most SG guys try all means and ways ... to get away from military service ... these gals try all means and ways ... to get in ... LOL ! ! !
saf	1	the saf of philipines is special action force
world war	1	agree with you , but just let you know , the reason why Japan lost world war 2 is because of America , simply america was superior to Japanese military
military	1	military version po yan ng " may 3 bibe " .
ns	1	Jonsson Thanks mate ! I'll let you get back to your short sighted and biased little life where everyone who doesn't see the world through your eyes is either an illiterate idiot or a mindless killing machine . Convey my warm regards to the fairies and unicorns would you ?
armed forces	0	i m a singaporean :) but i hv to agree with u :( till the day we hv professional armed forces , our military is only good on paper .
war	2	i've said before the US won almost every major battle in vietnam and only withdrew because the american people didnt want war :) and we won the korean war , we repelled the north korean invasion of the south .
us army	2	well why don't you make the 240 Years Of US Army Weapons :D
aircraft	0	Meanwhile Encik Muthu came and say YOU DO NOT COOK IN THE JUNGLE , IF THE ENEMY AIRCRAFT FLY PAST , YOU DIE ! I DIE ! EVERYYYYBODDDDYYYY DIE !
ns	1	Why when people do videos about nsf its always about the army ? People also serve ns in police force and Civil Defence you know .
war	1	And the Mexican American War
ns	1	koreans r not using about samsumg
ocs	1	Only in OCS .
singapore armed forces	0	Crappy Singapore Armed Forces .
ns	1	The Germans sure know how to make war machines .
ns	1	Evy ! Yeah , it was a huge war the established many things and relations and effects today
air force	0	Someone please reply to me , I'm interested in joining the Air Force reserves but the fear of basic training is holding me back . I'm a big cry baby and I guess I'm just unsure about whether or not I'll be able to make it through :(
military	1	did singapore military really allow eyeglassed men to enter their military recruits ?
ns	1	I don't see what the point of the M242 is ? There are far better options out there .
ns	2	those were the days whereby out rations taste good !
navy seal	1	My dad was a navy seal and had to play hot potato with a live grenade
united states	1	United States Canada = Unstoppable Force
navy	1	ya if we talking strike groups then RIP Russian navy lol
special forces	2	I mean the Russian Special Forces don't invade :) +
ns	1	Still no exo skelotons ! ?
ns	2	There army is small but they use amazing weapons !
war	1	If you're talking about the Mexican and American war then I don't know but if you are talking about Spanish and Mexican war then they shouldn't be here because it's not a war the U . S fought
navy	1	sour of coz navy .. their need to cross the seas ..
saf	0	sad life of singaporean conscripts . constantly under the hot sun doing something that we hate . everything is for SHOW . the GPMG wasn't even loaded when the " intruders " went into protected waters . SAF = WAYANG
ns	2	Thanks CyberPioneer for providing these to entertain us and some are primary school like me or sec school people like secondary 6 students will know what they might face in NS so thanks very much !
air force	1	All chines ppl in air force ? No malay or indian ?
commando	0	17:54 commando elite forces and they have terrible parade skills are shocking
military	1	If Singapore is really sexist , they wouldn't even allow women to join the army in the first place . And besides , NSmen make up to more than 80 % of our military defence . If no ones gonna do this , who's gonna protect our country ?
ns	1	Mind if I join in ? From what I learned in school , one of the reasons Malaysia voted to ' kick ' out Singapore because there will be imbalance in ethnicity where Chinese will be much more than the Malays .
training	1	Their training theory and safety as well as RSAF orientation should be at the AFTC .
combat	1	Patthon Sirilim you must be such an elite solider , I'm sure you'd beat a US SEAL in hand to hand combat any time ? Am I right ? No ? Bloody SAF is a joke .
war	0	Ramsey Let's look at History how many Wars were started where there was Peace afterwards for everyone ? Was there ever Peace in Iraq after USA bombed it ? No . Look at History yourself there are no good examples of Peace after War .
war	1	Onli Rassia forever the 1 strong in war and world ! ! !
ns	1	Jong Un indians are black too , go back to your cave kim
navy	1	NAVY
aircraft	1	95TurboSol a Nimitz class carrier can hold up to 60 + aircraft at a time , the new Gerald r Ford class can hold 75 +
war	1	OtanoVietnam and Phillipines and other allies ( US , Japan ) won't let china take the Paracels and Spratlys easily . It could end up with a war . Peace , from France .
military	1	Susilo Why wouldnt they ? America help them supply in military equipment and most likely do alot of trade with them.Besides , wgat do you mean by foreign aid ? Is it in terms of trade , labour or diplomatic relationships ?
ns	0	poisoned poet . I despise Libtards . I love guns and the liberals want to ban them so fuck them .
commandos	1	I think if the Armour , Guards and Commandos have two berets , one for normal time , another like parade beret
ns	1	90 % of the stuff seen in this video aren't used by the SAF anymore - the weapons , the machines , the uniforms and all - this video has to be at least 10 years old .
bmt	1	@PokemonMaster747 no lei ... i never went thru bmt ... cos i was posted into police force . wahahahahahahahaha ...
ns	1	The director's a Singaporean who served NS too .
middle east	0	Singapore sucks full of fucking chinese bitches their cities is the most expensive ? my country can bomb their country killing all those small eyes cunt.Fuck you singaporeans ! im from middle east what you gonna do ?
military	0	wtf a military
ns	1	Michael Margono Theres been just very few cases of this . Less than 40 anyway out of the millions sold .
marine	1	Herrera i highly doubt that your a marine
ns	1	Hey , I have popcorns here !
bmt	1	Sakali this recruit is a pec c attending modify BMT
ns	1	I said that . Hahaha ! So that kind of means that you can't even understand when you read english . Hahaha ! Sorry , not trying to make fun of you . But this is damn funny .
war	1	sdfdsf What he meant was that you can never have peace without war dumbass forigner .
aircraft	1	@streetkiller495 My dad's friend is an aircraft engineer ?
us army	2	And here I was thinking that you owned the US Army . Thanks for clearing that up .
ns	1	@Helge129 I really feel vehicles like the BMPT " Terminator " will appear in all armies over the next years . With the increase of urban warfare we often see infantry fighting vehicles used as support guns instead of giving mobility and also MBTs trapped between buildings a lot ...
military	1	Most likely plain clothes military police coordinating the parade .
singapore armed forces	1	The Singapore Armed Forces uses the SAR - 21 and there is a video about snipers a while back.You can find it if you search it on YouTube .
ns	0	Seems a very vulnerable procedure ... similar to Nelsons day !
ns	1	the patriot lol that explains alot
bmt	1	How long is the break from bmt to tech school ? Like I heard you only have that one weekend ( Saturday and Sunday ) to spend time with your family before you leave for tech school . But exactly how long is it ?
singapore army	1	Hi scepticpatriot , the weapon being used is the Singapore Assault Rifle 21 ( SAR 21 ) which was developed jointly by the Singapore Army , the Defence Technology Group , and the Chartered Industries of Singapore . It's also a bull-pup designed weapon , like the Steyr AUG .
ns	0	Now look my dear singaporeans , fries are very delicious and you should eat them . Also , I have literally nothing with my time so i am going to write random shit as a reply to serious conversation . Butts
combat	0	combat engineer ? haha , wtf ? looks more like a video game engineer !
infantry	1	what's wrong with infantry ? it would probably be a blessing in disguise for her ...
ns	1	pairr " you can insult us for now but if war begins you will see us in action "
sas	0	You are retarded even the Jews have better forces than you by far the best are Spetnaz and SAS
aircraft carrier	1	yes ! saw it a 2.06 ! aircraft carrier !
war	1	No Mexican-American War , Indian Wars , Spanish American War ?
british army	1	they join the british army in brunei
war	1	Rechebei remember the vietnam war where they caught two hundred or so war crime soldiers ?
military	1	Samsung Military department aka Note 7s ( joke ) xD go android tho
ns	0	so they just club eachother like RETARDS untill they realize they're NOT GETTING LAID ... lmao bunch of virgins getting noting but concussion ...
war	1	It would be a proxy war between America and China , like the last wars in south-east Asia .
military	1	plus he's and the American military himself
navy seals	1	Stockwell IIAbout the orange dye ? Well I heard it from a friend so that way they can rescue them easier if they ever fall over board . I don't imagine the NAVY SEALS to be using them .
ns	0	These guys are fuckin ' pussies compared to Americans .
british	1	yea from British I think .
ns	0	Thinking of the " privilege " of being dragged by the peers to visit brothels in Taiwan , I am very much worried about my son ... NS is always the last choice I want to vote for thinking of those risks and disrupted study of a youth ..
ns	0	Kerzhakov Fuck you . You think you Russian name means Russian ? Dumbass
ns	0	They are no different . At least the government at this point . Never apologized to Korea about their wrong actions .
world war	1	Ki There is no Super power if we unite against your Greedy China .. World war 2 is a good example of that and it seems you forgot it .. Don't try to fire first on us and you will see the power of Allied forces against you comunist ..
war	1	And lived every war since the revolutionary war
united states	1	Pewterschmidt Oh . and when I mean " we " , I mean the United States
war	2	yay just awesome that Canada is allied with the US even though they have been at war long ago .
uk	2	Wroe Well you got one UK citizen right here who would like to say thank you for your service . You can't see but I'll give you a salute .
ns	1	The blades can not be sharpened , and they must wear adequate armor . Both things are inspected prior to the fight . Concussions do happen though .
navy	1	go navy !
ns	0	Last White Mandid i say anything aboutfunctionally illiteratesy no i was talking about you calling Americans dumb
military	1	Hi hmmwvj ! In case you missed it , here's Ep 4 : Protect and Safeguard ! Ep 4 : Protect and Safeguard ( The SAF Military Police Command )
singapore army	0	hardy according to international observers Singapore army is rated the 26th strongest army in the world . Nigeria 41 . So I guess im not the only one to find your pathetic claims about how Nigeria would beat Singapore stupid .
us navy	1	US navy can easily destroy em British navy can easily destroy em German navy can easily destroy em Russian navy can easily destroy em Mickey mouse navy can easily destroy em ant navy puts up a decent fight but wins
military training	1	Civis like you never know the importance of the weight of the rifle unless u go tru tough military training
training	0	LOL what do they do can pls elaborate hahah the selection like what one and the mind fuck training like what ? torture training ? o_0
singapore army	2	Singapore army is the best ! !
ns	1	not really the US is still making nucler wepions
ns	0	You are wrong ! ! Guns are not allowed in Singapore .
special forces	1	go eat some special forces then . But after you are done with guard duty ok ?
armour	1	Those IFVs use armour piercing ammunition made from Valyrian steel to kill Whitewalkers .
commando	2	WHICH I HOPE TO BE A COMMANDO 1 DAY ! ! ! GOOD LUCK TO MYSELF ! ! ! =D
ns	1	Black people can play the role anyAfrican . Asians can take the role of any Asian character . When it comes to us Europeans and our history , they put us in a box . Mediterranean's must be played by Mediterranean's . anglo Saxons by Nordics / germanics .
united states	1	The Marine Corps is a component of the United States Department of the Navy , however , the Marine Corps is a separate branch .
ns	0	Tommy Tom skall would be ashamed , these fighters have no sense of tactic . blue side just runs individually at the opponent
ns	2	Hi Yang Jun , as of now there isn't any plans yet ... but thanks for suggestion :) I will let the team mull over the idea of having one .
russia	1	and Russia ?
saf	1	saf always say do first talk later ..
uk	1	Rifae asal kau tau indonesia punya nuklir untuk kegiatan kesehatan dan pertanian tidak kyk negara kau taunya perang aja ..
ns	1	Guys can we just cease arguing whether Singapore is shit or not and just discuss the issue maturely talking down on Singaporeans isn't gonna do shit
aircraft carrier	1	i want to see WW3 . i really do . i want to see fight between US aircraft carrier and Russian air craft carrier .
world war	1	Well this is for conventional war , the war in Afghanistan currently it's kind of useless to parachute in . But if world war 3 broke out these guys would be back in business .
ns	1	This shows that 1 SIR guys are all clowns ..
british	1	after some year i will join the british gurkha
infantry	1	Yes you can . You will be a infantry officer .
war	0	India had won 1971 war dividing pakistan in 2 parts with 95000 soilders submission so no ~ _ ~ wrong argument
sergeant	1	That Staff Sergeant is jacked up from the floor up .
ns	0	Us ' army ' doesn't count because everyone hates Americans . Sad truth .
navy	2	We dont have the most powerful army . Russia and China do . But our Navy is pretty good , and they don't kill innocents . The U . S . Navy hasnt seen battle for awhile .
ns	0	TraoreI am leaving regiments / divisions out of it when I am talking about fucking branches .
ocs	0	come on , why only docs , sispec anyone ? suffering in silent plus extra confinement . anyone ?
equipment	1	Samsung also manufactures machine tools under the Samsung Machine Tools and Engineering Company ( SMEC ) and medical equipment , as well as construction machinery and semiconductor equipment
united states	1	Sloan If there is a man in the whole united states then let him come and step a foot in our holy land and if his legs wasn't cut then all of us are women
us army	1	It should have said US infantry , cause that's what they are . The US army has more types of troops then just the infantry .
sergeant	2	as a sergeant , u have good voice
saf	1	Hello Marcus I Want To Be A Rsaf Fighter Pilot And Fly Rsaf F15Sg Now Can Please
commandos	1	sorry . commandos don't do parades . they are trained to fight enemy :)
marine corps	2	12 years in the Marine Corps , privileged to have trained with Canada's Army ... awesome ! ... true professionals ... Semper Fi Canada !
war	0	_ " Why can't we practice this shit on china ? With real missiles and bombs that would be nice ! ! ! " _ ... says the child who knows nothing of the world ( or of war ) .
war	1	Haha , US lost War of 1812 ...
cadet	2	Thanks for this insight on the Officer Cadet Course ! Now , time to get mentally prepared to lead , to excel , and to overcome !
civil war	1	You leave out rev . And French Indian I assume because it's before USA was formed , but then why do you have civil war for confederates because the CSA was its own country
war	0	Ng hahaha 950K singaporean army no experience at war . they surely die because lost in malaysia jungle .
infantry	2	The infantry is a totally different monster . I respect female soldiers , just not in my squad .
war	0	FUCK WAR ... ASSHOLES ... UNIVERSAL PEACE OR BUST
ns	0	They all look like shit weapons
russia	0	Fu your stupid russia is part of asia
basic training	1	do men and women share a shower at delayed entry ; basic training ?
war	2	OK nice video ... but the USA are the biggest problem in the world ... now look to Ukrain , before Irak and all the other wars and dont forget the killed over 3000 own people on 9/11 to have a reason to have war AMI GO HOME
military	0	Jay a friend of mine who is singaporean told me that girls may join the military if they want to . the government ain't forcing no one but for guys too bad
military	1	Vietnam unobtrusive naval power .. the fundamental forces has yet to be announced .. topped 2 on naval power . Vietnam someday will rise to No . 1 for military asean navy slip
ns	1	gg 3 more semester at poly and i go NS
russia	1	thats why Russia lost against muslims in cheznya , and in mean time russin women comes to a better life in Norway . , cause rusian men are drunk retards .
military	1	Thorsen this video kinda proves why not to buy samsung becuase of how big and powerful they are i would much rather buy apples phones knowing my money isnt going to a military department
us marines	1	There was a us marines ad , what karma
combat	2	York Knights Combat right , it's really interesting .
ns	1	looks like toy guns
sergeant	1	Sergeant ong , do u have girlfriend ? I think this is every single girl want to ask . LOL
equipment	2	Not true man the f - 15 are much better cos they have better equipment bought from the US
north korea	1	You really need to read some books and quit learning from youtube also we melt snow to drink and eat pigeons check out the north korea video about Usa
war	1	What countries that you neighbor use T55s or T62s ? and its incase it will get into a war .
ns	1	Ray But yamato also have more AA guns . This little DD only has CIWS and at most RAM for close range anti air
ns	0	horrible impressions
ns	0	Drill Outrageous ? Are you a moron ? The whole point of a Railgun is to minimize casualties . Even airstrikes do a lot of collateral . Funny how nobody called it outrageous when we gave a billion dollars in weapons to ISIS ...
ns	0	I avoid assumptions , they're the mother of all fuckups . hehe We need a sarcasm and satire emoticon . Text alone is insufficient data .
combat	0	How about a cherry boy ( You ) should show a little respect in here ... before I put my combat boot up your ass .
military	2	All the people who disliked the video are jealous of us cause we have the best country ever and we will always have the most powerful Military ever #GodblessAmerica
marines	1	Ferrari the marines are the only branch that require you to fully address a person's rank . you can call a staff sergeant a sergeant in the army .
south korea	1	M Id say the last just war was Afghanistan , Iraq was a mistake . Before that , Korea . Just look at how advanced and well off South Korea is doing .
ns	2	you should do some research on Mitsubishi ;) they make satelites , trains , nanotechnology , and other hi tech stuff appart from cars as far as i'm concerned .
ns	1	Holmberg Work it means
saf	2	Hmmm ... looks like RSAF refueled USAF B - 52s on joint exercises b4 ? very nice ... :D
marine	1	go US get marine then Recon Marine , sure the mayor cannot take it
war	0	Honestly I wish we kept BDU's . Although I love the OCP ( just bought my first OCP ) the UCP pattern on the ACU ... sucks . Unless we go to war in a gravel pit or my grandma's couch , you stick out like sore thumb .
saf	0	Marcus Seth you must be a deluded half wit . The SAF is a piece of shit . If you're proud to be cannon fodder for target practice , you must be really stupid .
commando	1	What about commando ?
ns	1	So are we goin ' in guns blazing or sneaky beaky liek ?
russia	1	You say Ukraine is run by Neo-Nazis right ? But what about the Neo-Nazi groups in Russia ? Do not lie and say there are no Neo-Nazis in Russia . I know for a fact that many Neo-Nazi groups are in Russia .
south korea	0	Washere Iphone is not # 1 is south korea lol . I read it news in naver.com every day . Iphone is about 30 percent while samsung is about 50 . Stupid career laws for domestic smartphones boosted the iphone sales .
marine corps	1	In the Marine Corps , we call all doors Hatches ! ! ! And stairs are ladder wells !
saf	2	Wow , I find this awesome ! To the SAF men , you do us proud ! Thank you .
training	0	training like a shittt lol me aslo can do better than this because this is not a pro training noob ...
south korea	1	Make how powerful is south Korea
war	1	Considering the age of the guy whom was interviewing 3SG Anwar , hasnt he done it before ? Why did he talk like he hasnt ?
ns	2	There are currently no plans on this , but thanks and we'll see what we can do . In the meantime , there are some videos on commandos and NDU on our channel , just do a search and you'll be able to find them .
ns	2	Cool ass fighter jet , agile with powerful weapons . Great killing machine !
